Finished:
When I add a book to my log, I should be able to say the title of the book, who wrote the book, and whether it's a picture, print, comic, or audio book.

Problems:
Need to prevent the user from using erroneous values to set the dates.
Need to prevent the user from setting a end date that is before a start date.

What happens if the user puts multiple occurences of the same book? Should it be counted?
 Multiple occurrences of the same book can be in the same log; however, the second and subsequent occurrences are not counted toward the total count of books read.

In-Progress:
When I look at a book in my log, I should be able to see the date I started reading it, the date I finished reading it, how long I have spent reading it in seconds, and
any other notes that I have written about the book.

I should be able to modify the title, author, medium, date started, date finished, time spent, the notes, and the completion status of the book.

I should be able to add new books to my list.

I should be able to delete books from my list.

I should be able to check which books I am still reading and which books I have finished.

I should be able to see the following analytics...
  The medium percentages
  The genre percentages... (this could probably be added via tags)
  The completion perecentages)
  
  The average time spent reading a book    (week, month, year, 2 years, all time)
  Total books read within a certain period (week, month, year, 2 years, all time)
  Total time spent within a certain period (week, month, year, 2 years, all time)

If I put my name and a given time period, the program should give me a list of books that I have read within that time period.

I should be able to transfer the data to another instance of this program.

The program should be able to read from a CSV file and create a reading log based off of that.

I should be able to get a nice readout of my data, so I can share with my friends what books I have read.

I should be able to purge all data.

